welcome back once again to how to cook
great food calm only mania today some
mutton curry I've got some lovely chunky
mutton here I must beat up only in it
and everything is this is it works
wonders like this get the juice out of
that okay I've had he ever touch up
while I'm using the corn oil now the
first thing I do is I want to drop me in
our lamb mutton
without any spices as the spices I just
want to cook this for about three or
four minutes if you want to put a lid on
that and ground it up a bit
okay so I'll turn the heat down because
if you get quite lively in here a long
time to cook you've got a pressure
cooker it's probably the best way that's
gonna take a long time to cook this 1/2
cup
baby I've got my drive hog alamos are
not gonna building but cumin seeds
mustard seeds cardamom coconut coriander
seeds close release their oils will eat
the seeds that will reduce that world
already now I'm training with but you
can't get these a great I've got fresh
curry leaves the absolutely wonderful
mentor huge difference now somehow this
what I call the big four equal parts
coriander cumin turmeric or how deep and
chili powder so let's just get that all
happening in there now and what's the
guy named with some fresh chili green
chilli add as much or little as you wish
here I put some garlic ginger place
which is 50/50 it's garlic and ginger
mix together finely finely chopped now
some chopped onion I'm using the red
onion I prefer them really that's
slightly stronger okay we can turn the
heat up on this now
so what we want to do is we just want to
give this a little mix on our high heat
make sure all that masala whether it be
the fresh leaves the powders or the
seeds coats out means that garlic and
ginger and the work wonders in there as
well what the lid seemed to go back on
I'm gonna turn the heat down slightly
I'm gonna cook this for about ten
minutes okay let's take a look I've said
this a couple of times already
now we're at the point now where we cook
it any longer we're gonna start to burn
these onions and so but we are way off
finish so sound a little bit of water
so that the moves are too early
otherwise your powders and spices
wouldn't have done their job and they'll
taste really dry let's just give it a
nice bit of moisture their lids gonna go
back on the heat spell elope
see you in ten okay let's jump in now
take a look
fifteen fantastic that will describe be
reducing now I'm going to go in with
some chopped tomatoes these are little
mix around now if you've got a pressure
cooker and you're going to save lots of
time with this I mean pressure Coons are
just really great with anything chunky
like this and the poem it all really
kind of tenderize it quite quickly so
you've got one of those you're gonna
save a whole lot of time I'm just
showing you this way today because a lot
of you don't have it I've got a few
emails normally I would do this in
cooker okay now I'm gonna do is get the
lid back on the heat is fairly low I'm
gonna cook this for about ten minutes we
want those tomatoes to completely break
down and create our masala we might have
a little touch more water but let's see
see you in a while
okay let's have a look there you go as
you can see that tomatoes have broken
down really nicely we are going to need
a little bit more liquid in that got
some cold water here
now you can't really overcook this dish
you want this meat to be incredibly
tender I'm gonna throw in some fresh
coriander now which adds a beautiful
flavor give that a stir
check your one for salt now your money
dragon touch more salt I'm not a great
salt fan now as I say you could cook
this with number 10 minutes or another
hour
it depends on your meat so you need to
keep checking your meat
let's lovely and tender you want that
kind of meat to fall off the bone really
so depending on your meat is how long
you're gonna cook this dish for now
turning that heat really low now really
really low my lids gonna go back on I
think mine's gonna be 15 minutes hope
you enjoy we'll see you again soon bye